add status_list_aggregation_endpoint OAuth metadata (#200)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

<br/>

## OAuth Parameters Registration

> IANA has registered the following value in the "OAuth Authorization Server Metadata" registry [IANA.OAuth.Params] established by [RFC8414].

Reviewer: This sounds wrong to me?
```suggestion
This specification requests registration of the following value in the IANA "OAuth Authorization Server Metadata" registry {{IANA.OAuth.Params}} established by {{RFC8414}}.
```
